# trw - "Have a nice day" in some languages

## Description

`trw` shows "Have a nice day" in some languages.

### Why "trw"?

"trw" is a japanese slang word.
 It means "いってらw" ("Itte Ra", last "w" is small version of "lol"(English)),
 and "いってら" is short version of "いってらっしゃい" ("Itte Rasshai"), it means "Have a nice day" in English.

So I adopt to name.

#### Why not "ittera"?

I wanted short name.

## Install

    gem install trw

(Available on rubygems.org (gemcutter))

## Usage

    % trw
    Have a nice day!
    % trw ja
    いってらっしゃい
    % trw
    See you again!
    % trw ja
    いってらw

## Author

Sora HARAKAMI <sora134@gmail.com>

## Licence

The MIT Licence {{{
    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
    THE SOFTWARE.
}}}
